I learned that my sins could be redeemed. When one nation pursues a nuclear weapon, the risk of nuclear attack rises for all nations.

That among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Now don't get me wrong. My father, who I didn't know, returned to Kenya when I was just two. It's time for us to change America. This same story can be told by people from South Africa to South Asia; from Eastern Europe to Indonesia.

In the young people who voted for the first time, and in those who got involved again after a very long time. Moreover, freedom in America is indivisible from the freedom to practice one's religion. When one nation pursues a nuclear weapon, the risk of nuclear attack rises for all nations. Meanwhile, the struggle for women's equality continues in many aspects of American life, and in countries around the world.

Hope in the face of uncertainty. And I think they recognized a part of themselves in me too. It's a journey that takes us back to our nation's founding, when none other than a UCC church inspired the Boston Tea Party and helped bring an Empire to its knees. I have made a solemn pledge that I will sign a universal health care bill into law by the end of my first term as president that will cover every American and cut the cost of a typical family's premiums by up to $2500 a year. But Moses says: What I am commanding you is not too difficult for you or beyond your reach. 9/11 was an enormous trauma to our country.

Our trials and triumphs became at once unique and universal, black and more than black; in chronicling our journey, the stories and songs gave us a means to reclaim memories that we didn't need to feel shame about...memories that all people might study and cherish - and with which we could start to rebuild." But it was not violence that won full and equal rights.

Thank you.








This country is more decent than one where a woman in Ohio, on the brink of retirement, finds herself one illness away from disaster after a lifetime of hard work. These are the Americans that I know. That is what it means to share this world in the 21st century. So let me be clear: no system of government can or should be imposed upon one nation by any other.

The hope of a skinny kid with a funny name who believes that America has a place for him, too. I didn't fall out in church, as folks sometimes do. What's remarkable is not how many failed in the face of discrimination, but rather how many men and women overcame the odds; how many were able to make a way out of no way for those like me who would come after them.

They stood on the Edmund Pettus Bridge, as the blows of billy clubs rained down. And it puts the lie to the notion that the separation of church and state in America means faith should have no role in public life. God is still speaking.

His father - my grandfather - was a cook, a domestic servant to the British. He's still speaking to our Catholic friends - who are holding up a consistent ethic of life that goes beyond abortion - one that includes a respect for life and dignity whether it's in Iraq, in poor neighborhoods, in African villages or even on death row. It means continuing to insist on a full measure of justice in every aspect of American life. The second major source of tension that we need to discuss is the situation between Israelis, Palestinians and the Arab world. The same is true for the astonishing progress within Muslim-majority countries from Kuala Lumpur to Dubai.

But at the end of the day, we cannot walk away - not for the sake of passing a bill, but so that we can finally address the real concerns of Americans and the persistent hopes of all those brothers and sisters who want nothing more than their own chance at our common dream. It will require a renewed sense of responsibility from each of us to recover what John F.

Thank you, and God bless America.
